pawnshop very nutritious low in calories
very versatile I'm gonna roast it with
sage finish it with some Braeburn apple
a radicchio perfect combination this
thick line of fat round the back the
most important thing now is just cutting
through it and it stops the pork chop
from curling up
season
Olive Oyl
it's really important to get the chop
and roll it down the back of the pan get
the outside layer of fat nice and crispy
garlic
but ER
sage sage yes nice and crispy drain
masala that's gonna glaze the pork chop
just leave that to rest because pork is
a very dense means we're gonna serve
brave an apple with radicchio cha
leaving the skin on but texted Apple and
it doesn't disintegrate when it hits the
pan radicchio
Olive Oyl apples in season time
and then finally the video seller in
there cider vinegar
and then just finish off the 10% of
olive oil and make this wonderful warm
so she ate salad with a cider vinegar
inside
take your pork run it through
it's uses and I just sit beautiful
chopped
on there and just cut that with touch of
olive oil
is delicious who said port boy
pan-roasted pork chop with additio
Braeburn apples done